Wrong weight class. Yeah, absolutely. I mean,
one thing to fight Conor at one 70,
but Rory's giant one 70 and he's also training with GSP
and just Tri-Star and I'm a giant fan of Foracia hobby and what he's managed to
put together up there in Montreal,
they just have a camp it's a such an elite camp, you know,
it's just a different, different level of, uh, of, uh,
just well-rounded fighters. It's a phenomenal, yeah.
Phenomenal, phenomenal coach. One of my favorites,
one of my favorite coaches see.
Nate fight. Poria I'm excited to see Nate back. You know, I was,
I was wondering, I was like, man, it's been like two years. Yeah.
I was surprised he took the fight.
And then I was also surprised that he was mad that they were doing a Conor vs.
Khabib.
I didn't expect that at all. They were.
Both mad. Dustin's mad too. I was like, what the? You guys? I had four. Well,
I thought.
Dustin was going to wait for the, you know, to get his title shot.
But I guess that probably makes sense, man.
He might not have got that title shot though. Tony Ferguson's healing up,
you know, he's back in the mix who knows what's going to happen with, uh,
James Vick when, uh, James Vick is gonna fight 'em uh, Justin Gagey
VIX on, I think at 10 or 11 fight.
Wind street. Yeah. That'll wait something crazy. Like the 55 pounds
stacked, stacked weight class, man.
You know, and then you still have so many guys that are,
that are coming up that are, you know, like one or two fights away.
Then of course you got Kevin Lee, who,
in my opinion has the best argument for the next title shot. He's.
A monster was a monster. His last fight. Yeah.
So it's him, Tony Ferguson when Tony's healthy again,
Tony's not a hundred percent healthy, but I mean, Dustin,
I think it's right to take that fight because he's not the most compelling guy I
know he wants to, but he just got knocked out by Michael Johnson a year ago.
You know what I mean? It's, there's, there's a lot,
maybe a little bit more than a year ago, but it's like still,
and then you got to remember what Johnson,
when Johnson fought Khabib could be Malden. I mean, there's a lot of,
a lot of people in that way class. Yeah.